If you promise to sleep with me tonight
I will tell you
I am newly married to the queen
I can't help it.
Snubbed this lover
Just ask.
More time.
Has the queen come up with an answer?
Dare to ask your history
There are several answers to this question
One obviously has three
Impossible my queen cannot be wrong
You must be mistaken.
It must be your fault, why don't we take another gamble?
If you are wrong
I
Drowned you
If the queen is wrong
How about I cede the Yan Yun porridge to you?
Zihua seriously
Really impossible
Your Majesty
The Land of Yanyun is the Central Plains. Once Mongolia dies
The Central Plains is called Bloodless
Big Blue even dares to question the queen
Do you want to rebel?
Your Majesty
My heart of China can be learned from the sun and the moon
If I hadn't seen the concubine
I will replace you with the Fa-rectification today.
Do you really want to leave then?
My word is good
Then let the queen tell the answer
Everyone is free to judge
The queen told him
20 three two three three three eight
Twenty-three, two, three, three, three, eight. Did you hear that?
That's not possible.
Your Majesty, the Queen's answer is absolutely correct.
Congratulations, Your Majesty
Congratulations to the Queen
Two beloved concubines made contributions to the country today
I will reward you well tonight.
Somebody drag him down for me
Send it to the room and flood him
Then send the mirror
Oh, and don't forget to bring the queen of our country
Be my house girl